# Structured Output Parser node documentation

**Source:** https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.outputparserstructured/

---

# Structured Output Parser node

Use the Structured Output Parser node to return fields based on a JSON Schema.

Parameter resolution in sub-nodes

Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.

Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` resolves to each name in turn.

In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` always resolves to the first name.

## Node parameters

- **Schema Type**: Define the output structure and validation. You have two options to provide the schema:

1. **Generate from JSON Example**: Input an example JSON object to automatically generate the schema. The node uses the object property types and names. It ignores the actual values.
2. **Define Below**: Manually input the JSON schema. Read the JSON Schema [guides and examples](https://json-schema.org/learn/miscellaneous-examples) for help creating a valid JSON schema. Please note that we don't support references (using `$ref`) in JSON schemas.

## Templates and examples

**✨🤖Automate Multi-Platform Social Media Content Creation with AI**

by Joseph LePage

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/3066-automate-multi-platform-social-media-content-creation-with-ai/)

**AI-Powered Social Media Content Generator & Publisher**

by Amjid Ali

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/2950-ai-powered-social-media-content-generator-and-publisher/)

**Chat with PDF docs using AI (quoting sources)**

by David Roberts

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/2165-chat-with-pdf-docs-using-ai-quoting-sources/)

[Browse Structured Output Parser integration templates](https://n8n.io/integrations/structured-output-parser/), or [search all templates](https://n8n.io/workflows/)

## Related resources

Refer to [LangChain's output parser documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/concepts/output_parsers) for more information about the service.

View n8n's [Advanced AI](../../../../../advanced-ai/) documentation.

## Common issues

For common questions or issues and suggested solutions, refer to [Common issues](common-issues/).

## AI glossary

- **completion**: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
- **hallucinations**: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
- **vector database**: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
- **vector store**: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
